everybody welcome back to room Lyon
plays the binding of issac after it plus
no we don't want to do a dang ol normal
run cuz we'll never be no I'm okay we're
on brains and we've been making amazing
time hmm lately brains is a bit of a
tough one
I remember we ruined head trauma for
ourselves and then beat it on the the
subsequent go around like three or four
days ago but what happened with our
first brains run because in my head in
my head zombies zombie zombie eh eh now
we might have also squandered a decent
attempt at this one but I don't recall
for certain so I got to think about this
we have no means of ever shooting tears
I'm like what happens you get in that
situation an orbital is an 11 out of 10
item what else what else could we
conceivably pick up that would have a
good chance at like really leveling the
playing field in our direction bead FF
is on the list surely as an item that
like if it all worked out right you know
it's gonna make us kill enemies twice as
quickly or at least in twice as many
twice as few shots I should say half as
many shots it's probably a less
ambiguous way to phrase that
apart from that we used to really got a
stack up a bunch of HP I guess there's
no items on this run I think we're about
to find out if I'm an idiot or not when
we head down to the next floor but is
there really nothing more than it's just
stompy bad speed Oh also your blue baby
combined with you can't shoot it all
it's tough man that's a tough challenge
I know you're probably saying no kid and
remember like you failed it the first
time
yeah but like this is a tough challenge
it's like Lilith but all your little
children explode still trying to figure
out like I guess a much better space bar
item even something like the nail albeit
Book of Revelations fits equally well in
fact the Book of Revelations is a lot
better because we could use the orbital
that we get from it as well but it might
seem boring but it would also definitely
get the job done or at least have a
better chance to as a result of the
extra HP we'd pull away from it but sac
Dagger it would be really good
not a spacebar item but useful
nonetheless from that I'm kind of at a
loss Satanic Bible you might be noticing
a theme kind of running through these
items but running down a theme never
would've come to me working on a
challenge run running might as well
check right cuz I figured like a spirit
heart might be worth purchasing
nonetheless hmm it's it's a troubling
situation whenever I look at a run and I
say to myself self what's the best way
of making this run working myself looks
at the running goes you got to play well
that's where we find ourselves in a in a
tricky spot
good dangerous worked out though and at
the Ghazwan is actually I don't want to
overstate it cuz it could be worth
nothing it's an excellent dodge but it
could be worth everything
if this to Gaza ruin allows us to take a
deal with the devil that completely
changes the way the run works so I just
was just gonna say ideally we'll just
smack him down here actually it all
worked out anyway cuz we got the halo
and a spirit art along with it you get
dark bum since we're blue baby I can't
imagine not wanting dark bum here take
one to Gaza own I got a look to see if
there's an item room I really would hope
that we would have seen one by now but
okay there are no item rooms I should
just remember I mean I haven't done that
it wasn't that long ago that I first did
the challenge but this is actually like
an okay situation I think we effectively
have four spirit arts and dark bomb
grabbing up extra red hearts of making
more is a potential wind condition we're
really stuck in the sense that we still
haven't okay that actually helps
assuming that it this still works for us
where where we're stuck is that we have
no way to ever deal damage that's not
related to Bob's brain but that has now
changed the fact that we have spiders
not necessarily a super duper reliable
source of dealing damage and our damage
itself does not really lend itself to
high damage spiders of the present
moment moreover as we continue adding
caveat on top of caveat here I don't
necessarily think that we can afford to
build our run around spiders in the
hopes of just them crushing enemies
because they deal a hundred damage each
but we want it's nonetheless because
it's a way to hurt enemies that doesn't
rely on Bob's brain which is basically
like if we got any chance of winning
this run it comes down to not being
forced to use Bob's brain forever so the
other way is to just get them bunch of
spirit hearts by
bumm but that's not really like optimal
because we're still gonna take 300 years
to kill any enemies we come across but I
think we're okay at least I don't feel
like we're too far off of the win here
this isn't one of those challenges where
I think you just pick up one item and go
oh we won you know this is one of the
challenges where you kind of got to work
within the confines of the of the
constraints here
well gamble on I should go back for that
obviously oh I just I was like I'll just
give myself a little moment up here so I
can get a good line of sight
big mistake apparently more money
wouldn't be the worst thing in the world
either so we could buy spirit hearts I
would prefer if that weren't the only
way out you know it might be a game
winner as well as little brim and it's
kind of like a recurring theme in and of
itself here but not quite yet right yeah
kind of a recurring theme but little
brim would be maybe enough to win it all
by its lonesome that was a tinted rock I
actually had no idea please feel excuse
me I'm begging you for an orbital here I
also I feel like I have to check the
shops maybe we'll get a shopkeeper we
can blow up and get something good out
of it
very least I got a 2% extra deal with
the devil chance we got all three Bob's
brains
it's a tough boss I'm kind of begging
you nice for a little bit of luck here
like I want to encounter an orbital I'm
not sure how we're gonna do it sach
dagger on a deal with the devil I guess
we say we got katadyn tails it's good is
it what we need no but it is good we
also got another spear and art out of it
we're still holding that the Gaza rune
and we got a very good chance at a deal
with the devil on this floor a floor
that by all accounts shouldn't really be
harder than the one we just surmounted
so
think well I would not say by any
stretch that the world is our oyster
right now but maybe the world is like
our mollusk the world is our clam strip
something along those lines if we could
just get like if every floor you got one
more Bob's brain this challenge would be
a little bit more plausible and I'm not
saying that's what they should have gone
for we're kind of like just caught
between a rock and a hard place though
because we we don't have a ton of HP our
damage is our best stat probably but
what does that mean when we don't do any
damage anyway our spiders are unreliable
unfortunately but I'm still happy to
have them are you a wizard thankfully is
irrelevant so you know this it's not all
negatives here yeah I was probably not
my finest moment and dark bum paid out
with a spider look I got enough of my
own kind attempting to feed this cursed
room given the the conditions that we
find ourselves in right now almost seems
like an appropriate course of action I'm
gonna say no for now well thank you but
I'm gonna try to see if there's a curse
room secret room sort of setup and it
appears that there is not and there's no
secret room there either
all right we've gotten zero money since
the last floor which if nothing else is
like the thing that kind of choose me up
the most like it's supposed to be one of
the most prolific resources that we have
what we asked for
I can stop complaining Satanic Bible
spirit hearts once every six rooms or
less okay okay demon hearts actually
that was stupid
also valuable although I'm loathe to
admit it as another alternative way to
deal damage to enemies I hope we don't
have to resort to this but if we do it's
not false to say you can always crash
into enemies take out a whole room with
a single demon heart it's almost like a
built-in once every six rooms
Necronomicon sort of situation in fact
it might literally be that the only like
the major annoys I shouldn't say only
annoys the major annoyance is waiting
for all of these Bob's brains to respawn
lock upgrade is very good I think we
should check but I wasn't thrilled about
checking oh it's all slowly like really
really really really slowly starting to
come together
we still got to play well but we got two
different means of generating HP that in
and of itself is really important if we
could just get an orbital I'd be like
over the moon dude
like this is the worst now we actually
have some alternate kind of like pseudo
wind conditions for example for example
if I could pick up well first time if I
could pick up a faster respawn on Bob's
brain so I could actually fight these
enemies no if I could pick up nuns have
it you know it just greatly reduces our
ability to die because this room in and
of itself is a challenge and I just like
resent it to the highest order please
just make like some give me like two red
hearts for beating this room because
this is like you're making this game
look like a worse rogue light than it is
don't walk into that that could have
been a catastrophe and then of course
I've got like my own impatience to thank
for a lot of these situations that are
fraught with danger why not wait for all
Bob's brains to respawn well that could
take an extra two seconds I know that's
I am me so I know I know to thine own
self be true and all that I'm just
saying it burns me more often than I'd
like to admit good well done
oK we've still got enough to take a deal
and we still have the guys which is the
other important aspect there yeah
there's no one I I maintain some of
these rooms with the wrong combination
items you just can't not take damage
which I emphasize the double negative
cuz I want you to feel uncomfortable
listening to it as I feel uncomfortable
trying to dodge these enemies right now
okay well I should have waited but I
have to up anyway
so this is the right time for like
world-changing deal with the devil we
got the HP sorted as best as we can
reasonably assume that our HP will ever
be sorted on a run like this what do we
need now
essentially like almost any alternative
source of dealing damage nice okay
that's one spirit heart if if everything
goes right right there
go for a dark bomb don't let me stop you
get some extra damage which I was
excited about until I remembered it
means nothing for us except for our
spiders and then we get rotten baby and
of these two items I'm just gonna pop
the guys right now to simplify things of
these two items I think they're both
useful I think you got to go rotten baby
because it's extra damage so although I
although I wish that I could have taken
both then if we'd played a little better
perhaps we could have I think we should
be stoked that we didn't quite get like
the world-changing item that I wanted
but we're still moving upwards and
onwards here I gotta say as well by the
way we're kind of taking things a little
faster than I expected given you know
it's not the easiest challenge in the in
the challenge handbook and yet here we
are kind of cooking with gas
[Music]
so you got to keep shooting
unfortunately because we need to we need
to shoot for the Flies to exist but I'm
looking for cards cards and black cards
like the world card I think it's totally
ok to use right now not not so good that
you'd want to save it forever and with
these pills some of them we might no
bombs our key tears down tears down is
irrelevant I guess there is a bonus here
bombs are key we might want to pop but
it's not strictly necessary immediately
and look at this we ended that was a
terrible way to approach him however we
can still deal damage without having
Bob's brain it's incredibly slow but it
does exist
all right on our shop more options it's
like there's options you can't go with
it you got to shoot for something a
little better in this situation like no
item rooms means we don't take that
can't take that bombs our key taro cloth
could be tempting but I think you really
just even pokey man's could have been
fine there but that you got to go for
something like next level and we didn't
get it and that's rough but life goes on
well buy up the spirit hearts and move
onwards could have gone for a couple of
things in there and I really in
hindsight I think that pokey man's might
have been the end game pick up poke a go
whatever the item is called I always
have a look a cognitive virus with with
that item where I never respect it for
being that good but especially on a run
like this where our means of dealing
damage are so limited I should have
probably gone for it but hey let's focus
on the positive here we just picked up
an orbital assuming we survive this
fight we just picked up an orbital
it's looking very strongly like we will
live that was not the right way to
approach the end of that fight but
that's okay all right so an orbital is
scary but also completely doable like
I'm starting to see the seams of this
run and how we're like conducting a
symphony right now enemies with creep
are a bad way to conduct a symphony we
should not approach a symphony like that
a demon's hearts surprising so I
actually took a look at our trinket to
see if our trinket was causing that
probably not you know what we're not
using bombs for too much here might as
well see if we can get super lucky I
don't have a key
got one spirit harder to that I I
actually believe like fully in our
ability to win this right now
I should probably recognize the the
trade in myself that tends to make it
more likely for me to lose if I'm using
an orbital instead of just using you
know our Edmund gifted talents here but
truth be told I I think the orbital is
like on 11 out of 10 here I think it
saves us a great deal of anguish all
these items are the trinkets rather are
pretty much garbage right now um that
was fantastic though if you could just
pick that up please thank you I do want
a key I would like to go to the shop I
don't anticipate the shop being very
useful
and in fact it could just be greed we
might never get a chance to know
regardless temperance pretty bad and I
gotta be honest with you a curse of the
unknown makes me pretty unhappy okay
good you didn't walk on the spikes that
time that's a big positive live bomb
gone through one series of dead ends
little tight in there see this tough
situation there because we can't really
take the shot try to get enough money to
make this happen it's probably not gonna
work but we might as well shoot for it
I think we're I'm trying to be very
delicate here because we're in this
fragile state right now I think this run
could go either way
I think we've we've hit the first point
on this run like the inflection point
where that we have now made it more
likely that we're going to win than lose
I think and I really don't want to throw
that away but more so than I think
almost any other run we've done it
depends on us not throwing that's a very
daunting thing
the mom fight is a pretty huge milestone
for that
another key but you know what I think
we're really too interested in the shop
even though I've touched on that as like
a potential sort of like endgame bastion
of endgame items I think we're ready
especially if we can beat the odds get a
deal with the devil here not
accidentally give away more of our HP
than we should
nice not worth it at all
even though it would give us bookworm
that means it would give us nothing and
piercing shots black hole you know
there's a case not good enough case
though alright so we have an 8 HP and
permanent polaroid invincibility so
there's actually like quite a lot of
potential value there pheromones and bad
gas this one goes all the way it's with
us till the end of the line I don't like
that but I do like that at least it's
giving us the option of going to the
chest keep rotting baby firing stay away
from these enemies because now we're
playing for keeps you know enemies do
double damage but I don't think we're
too far away from like an unmistakeable
win I'm just trying to think of what
like specifically would fit the bill
because although I am a youtuber I'd
like to back up my case with evidence
instead of just relying on a willing
audience to tell me that I'm always
right in spite of the fact that I'm
talking out of my butt that's not a sub
tweet at anybody in particular it's like
a super tweet of my whole industry and I
can feel it sometimes happening in
myself as well you know I I've
cultivated deliberately ridiculous
opinions for humors sake on the NLA
assessment and some people are like NL's
right anybody who thinks a spinach goes
on a pizza should be killed I'm like
okay let's you're supposed to be the
anti strong man you're supposed to keep
me you're supposed to keep me honest
here not just buying to my nonsense
I don't know what I'm talking about 99%
of the time I was in school and I
graduated and I came on to YouTube
my mind is a slurry is atrophied you
think I'm sharp because I I watch listen
and the you know imbibe sharp media
that's not the case it's an on the
shoulders of giants sort of situation
but I maintain that you can trust me on
some level because I know that I'm
stupid and that separates me again not
to annoy anybody that separates me to
some extent from some of my peers not
all my peers but I guess I'm also one of
those people who I'm always wary when
people agree with me if someone
disagrees with me I'm like I disagree
with you and there's some conflict there
but at the same time I know you're being
honest if you agree with me I'm like
what's this guy trying to do trying to
get on my good side or something
it's a Nate Lee suspicious which is also
probably telling of my own personal
foibles but I digress this floor has
gone very well
I need Rodney Bay a baby to a grow thank
you
those shots are not to an insignificant
damage you got all three Bob's brains in
there Rawdon baby keep it up dude
orbital is saving us big time here that
was bad but we will finish the fight
anyway and we beat the odds on a deal
with the devil good shrink it please
Keynes I could be good could be useless
the guys is worth using once for certain
um I mean we should cuz we're gonna get
back to full HP anyway but it wasn't
like a 10 out of 10 I think instead of
Keynes I was sorry instead of you know
we can keep Keynes iets sorry what's
this The Fool instead of the fool we're
gonna roll the gas okay down to the next
floor we've only got a few more floors
to go I don't know if I would reroll my
old run here given a choice seems a
little scary right
how did it not get that open Oh huge
okay we can fly it's not quite the same
as a speed upgrade but it's real nice
it's a lot of luck upgrades so I'm gonna
start popping spirit or demon hearts
because why not
okay don't do that though that's very
stupid there is a why not the why not is
you might want to just save a charge so
you can use it later but we're almost in
like fast and loose territory I think
and the more demon arts we have stacked
up we're making maximal use of our Book
of Satan Satanic Bible here and then on
top of that you know these are gonna be
very advantageous for us if we get hit
anyway so the more of those we got in
the in the stack the faster they'll pop
and do damage to rooms that could save
us from taking more damage cumulatively
so I think there's a there's an
analytical Kay a case to be made for the
way they were handling things anyway I'm
gonna leave the red hearts on the ground
cuz I actually feel like our demon
judgments or sorry dark bums kind of got
it sorted out already doesn't really
need my support Wow a little offended
the only reason I came down here with
power pill in the hopes of like crushed
in some of these enemies cuz obviously
like long term you want to keep the gods
we got a power pill against it sure I'll
meet you halfway then
we got a spirit heart out of it we're
making great time now I got to be honest
with you if you think that I would fight
hush on this run thank you because that
means you have a very positive opinion
of me and that's incredibly silly in
this situation maybe long-term that's a
good thing but like dude there's no way
no way on planet Earth I would fight
hush on this run you got to be off your
Gor this run is getting put into the
banks as soon as it's done any bank I'm
talking Fannie Mae I'm talking agent
Cody I'm talking g-unit member Lloyd you
know whatever Bank you can find it will
store the results of this run if it's a
W really beating the odds on these deals
you actually you're gonna think that I'm
stupid but I'm actually not as stupid as
you think I am but possibly a genius if
you take nine lives as a forced blue
baby you go down to one red heart I wish
it were not true yet sadly here we are
and I promise you the thought crossed my
mind because in in normal circumstances
that would have given us one red heart
and preserved all of our spirit hearts
but this is not a normal circumstance
and we would have been very very sad
after we saw the results of that
encounter so I'm not I'm not suggesting
I'm like some kind of mad genius for our
play they're just that we made the right
decision despite it probably looking a
little off that's good stay strong you
got lots of HP here
no speed that's very slowly crushing me
here but ok that's not the right way to
handle that the fire is is doing work
enemies get poison they have a chance to
give you spirit hearts it helps out if
you want to give me HP that's perfect
because the HP manifested spirit arts
anyway by the way like dude we're at for
luck if / when we make it to the chest I
got high hopes health up wonderful
infested nothing wrong with it I'm gonna
pop the gauze that's a little bit of a
risk but I'm drowsy is really good
against the late game bosses so I try to
use it whenever I can but it's rare that
I get like an I'm drowsy pill early and
then get another one later
so think at this point we can go lucky
so for another one luck the idea being
that we'll probably get a
disproportionate amount of luck of chess
as a result of that one luck upgrades so
I'm feeling very very positive right now
land these and then pay attention
probably should not have done that even
though it worked out for us it's likely
a very mature approach the situation is
that sure it worked out for us but it
was probably a little silly
now just land the brain here keep firing
in bombs these shots are a little
tougher to dodge up close and personal
so just try to land the brains it's
gonna hurt yeah no way out of that one
with 0.9 speed anyway so you're done and
we are actually completely stacked on HP
so we'll head down to the next floor oh
I think we're truckin dude we've made a
great amount of progress on these recent
ones Midas touch is a potentially
beautiful way to deal damage here and a
speed upgrade is so good so here's what
I'm thinking is you just crush enemies
get permanent polaroid invincibility you
get a chance as a result of the virus to
you know just style on them and the more
money you have the more damage you do
with Midas touch anyway so maybe like
every other room we kind of try a Midas
touch sort of set up here like this room
we got Bob's brains right off the bat
and of course anytime we get a hit
[Music]
I think this is just we have like the
sirens song of impatience right now try
not to fall victim to that play it right
you might get hit some of these rooms
are tough dude it's the end game I'm
hopeful we'll get some more items in the
process as well but we don't I don't
think we need to be as clever as I'm
trying to be I guess is what I'm trying
to say right now so just handle normal
rooms handle them normally this room is
not normal this room is too annoying I
feel pretty lucky we managed to get out
of that this room is normal don't forget
you got 22 bombs we got lots of
alternative sources of dealing damage
plus these enemies they stand close
together you know there then when they
go out it's a dinner for two
so one bomb should be enough they'll
just split it down the middle save money
put it towards the honeymoon
that wasn't a menacing implication I'm
suggesting they're in love you big it on
soos does nothing but not without the
guys at least because we have curse of
the lost
stop
[Music]
oh that was not smart it's okay you're
still doing well
little Gish too slow enemies it's like a
little portable I'm drowsy pill and then
just stay as far away from like
literally everything on the map as you
can technology I think that's only gonna
punish us we're still not gonna be able
to shoot and it's gonna lower our damage
so if we don't want to acquiesce it that
is not my bomb and our HP is doing fine
okay we are actually set second virus
probably won't trigger spun and in fact
it didn't do anything unfortunately but
I'm starting to believe in the power of
the novel strat here I'm also starting
to believe that I'm going through
puberty again based on the fact that my
voice just cracked for the first time in
like 15 years but I ran the map there I
think it's correct
give me those demon hearts there we go
big chubby is actually really good from
a damage standpoint
[Music]
actually no I keep I always get it
confused with the little monstro little
monstro is like a ten out of ten
I'll never insult that oh we are
actually 1 million percent set so just
be smart because I don't want to do this
whole challenge again because it's like
really really tough we got lucky on this
one but land your Bob's brains in there
and then just go to town and then get
out you know why why give him free
damage that he doesn't deserve then land
your Bob's brains and then get in there
and he's done ok always a tricky
challenge but we are off to the races
dude we've knocked out a lot of tough
ones stud finder another trinket I
rarely use but I'm happy to have it
either way thanks for watching her
because we've enjoyed the episode if you
did click the like button helps out a
great deal and of course subscribe if
you wanna see more in the future for now
thanks for watching and I will see you
next time